we were inspired by nature for today's
currently trending we're taking
inspiration from the runways at preen
Phillip Lim and her damn so we took that
idea and we went with it and we have
four beautiful ways to wear it let's get
started I think the first time I really
noticed the nature is the theme versus
being the floral was when people were
experimenting with oceans and skies did
that really just show they were looking
outdoors let's get started let's go look
for our first out that we chose this
beautiful photo set pencil skirt pencil
skirts read very ladylike we wanted to
give this outfit and effortless polish
so what we did is we paired it with a
slouchy tea in that same moody color
palette when you're pairing a pencil
skirt with a slouchy t try an unexpected
earthy shoe choice like a new gladiator
sandal like we have here
for a second look we wanted to style an
outfit that was perfect for a night out
but still inspired by nature so enter
this beautiful bodycon floral dress it
does have a very sexy silhouette but
what makes it more feminine is the
beautiful saturated floral print all
over it it's got this vibrant color just
like makes you smile when you look at it
and we styled it with white accessories
white is a huge trend that we're seeing
for this season especially in the form
of white shoes and bags we love a white
shoe here at popsugar fashion and these
are so good they're a pointy-toe pair
with a lucite heel then for the bag it's
got the white and blue color blocking
which really brings out the blues and
the dress we think the easiest way to
where the nature inspired friend is with
a floral dress this is our take for the
fashion-forward girl the person who
wants to take chances and loves playing
in exploring fashion so it's a
head-to-toe printed suit and what's
unexpected is that it's actually a vest
a longer vest of that pair with matching
pants you look up close it's a tree
print but so it's got a lot of power
from the front right but even more
powerful when she turns around got this
beautiful black draping that's really
unexpected and just very soft and
delicate and then the pants have the
print on the front but black on the back
which is also very flattering so the
suit is really bold on its own so you
don't need a lot of bells and whistles
we put this basic crisp white button
down underneath then for the accessories
a really pretty black fringed necklace a
black statement ring pointy toe pumps
which are right on trend and this
gorgeous white carryall perfect so if
you want to try the nature trend and
your fashion-forward and you want to
play with prints I say go for it
this is our final take on the nature
trend and it's the most subtle so far
but it combines a lot of different
elements of nature without being
over-the-top so it's not a bold print
but what we have done is we have the
reptile print here with the eel print on
the dress which is really easy you can
just throw on the stress and wear it
anywhere instant style points but then
we mix a lot of different textures and
colors staying in the same navy and
brown color scheme so this beautiful bag
that feels very world travel can I get a
Moroccan theme going on here with woven
texture unexpected pairing and for the
shoes these beautiful brown wedges that
have this kind of ruffled Rouge
detailing they're really kind of grounds
out the outfit and ads in this earthy
element and then to finish it all off
this statement-making bangle with a
stone on it that drives home our nature
theme so the best part about being
inspired by nature is that it's all
around us it's the trees the flowers the
beach so find inspiration wherever you
can but really the options are endless
I'm Alison a camara and thanks for
watching
you